Hey welcome I'd like to show a couple of things.
Here's a nice trick you can do that.
She's like a good T-Rex or something.
Great job.
That's the first thing.
But the second important news that I have here is that this section is the one where we finally do our
Instagram data or Finally cloning Instagram.
And that's actually an exaggeration we're only cloning the database.
And even then we're only doing like 7 or 8 tables not you know 20 or 50 Instagram tables but still we're
doing the basics the important stuff photos and comments and users and likes and follow you know follower
following relationships hashtags all that fun stuff all the relationships between them and then all
those joints.
There's a lot of opportunities there.
So this is sort of acting as a bit of a endcap on this.
Of course it's not the end.
But this is the last kind of data set that we're working with and then I'm going to show you after this
how to build a web app with my Eskew well.
So that's also coming up which hopefully is exciting but this section like I said is all about Instagram
data.
Really exciting stuff.
You basically build the schema and then the next section is going to be a bunch of challenges and problems
with it.
OK let's get started.